# ⏱ Agenda & Notes for 2021-11-26

Note: POAPs will be sent to attendees automatically through a Direct Message at
the end of the meeting. Turn on Direct Messages for the server by right clicking
the server, selecting privacy, and turning on Direct Messages. You can disable
this once you receive your POAP link!

- [Welcome & Introduction](#welcome-&-introduction)
    - [ERC-721 Snapshot & ERC-20 token plans](#erc-721-snapshot-&-erc-20-token-plans)
    - [GitCoin Proposal](#gitcoin-proposal)
    - [Treasury Deployment](#treasury-deployment)
    - [Preethi as an advisor](#Preethi-as-an-advisor)
  - [Guild Updates](#guild-updates)
    - [Writers](#writer's-guild)
    - [Governance](#governance-guild)
    - [Development](#development-guild)
    - [Design](#design-guild)
    - [Community](#community-guild)
    - [Marketing & BizDev Guild](#Marketing-&-BizDev-Guild)
- [Open Discussion](#open-discussion)
- [Good Reads](#good-reads)
- [Audio Recording](#audio-recording)

# Welcome & Introduction
- We use these town halls as a chance for people to come together and update everyone about what is going on
    - Discord is difficult to keep up with
    - These are recorded
    - Held bi-weekly
- Please ask questions in Town Halls if you have them, this is both a safe space and the right place to do so
    - Discourse is a great place for asynchronous discussion
- 5,406 hodlers of genesis NFT

## ERC-721 Snapshot & ERC-20 token plans
- Provides us a more flexible path to go forward
- ERC-20 will give us flexibility to recognize contributions
- Tokenomics are being thought through
    - The tokenomics have not been figured out yet, but this would not come out of any community distribution. I think we’re going to propose 30% going to the community (25% + another 5% to early contributors) for discussion and go from there. We should get that proposal out for feedback and discussion asap! (nader)
- Public channels could host public goods
- ERC-721, snapshot was taken at last mint
    - Working on ways to invite people in with current tokens, looking to avoid speculators who bought up 50+ tokens

## Gitcoin proposal
- View the proposal on [Discourse](https://forum.developerdao.com/t/p4-partnership-mutual-grant-with-gitcoin/548?u=dabit3)
    - More on [Gitcoin](https://gitcoin.co/)
    - Needs to be discussed within the community
    - Began around the end of the first month of Developer DAO (late September-early October)
- [Gitcoin Proposal on Gitcoin](https://gov.gitcoin.co/t/proposal-partnership-mutual-grant-with-developer-dao/9217/3)
    - After 5 days will go to proposal

## Treasury deployment
- [Initial Developer DAO Treasury Setup](https://forum.developerdao.com/t/initial-developer-dao-treasury-setup/549)
    - Multi-sig wallet has been setup, based on a contract. Requires 3 signatures from the list below
        - Nader Dabit - @dabit3 4
        - Will Kempsterrrr - @kempsterrrr 7
        - marc - @wolovim 6
        - Will Blackburn - @willhblackburn 10
        - with-heart - @grow_love 7
        - Erik_Knobl - @Erik_Knobl 9

## Preethi as an advisor
- [Preethi Kasireddy](https://twitter.com/iam_preethi) has come on as an advisor
    - Has taught, advised and worked in the web3 space for a while now
- Cooper Turley [Coopahtroopa.eth](https://twitter.com/Cooopahtroopa) has joined on as an advisor
    - FWB, Audius, Gitcoin
- Would like to bring them both into a Town Hall ASAP
- Looking for advisor with legal experience

# Guild Updates

## Writer's Guild
- Broadcasting updates
- Cleaning up Start-Here channel
- Some guilds may need newsletter
- First [newsletter](https://developerdao.substack.com/p/probably-nothing-0) went out last week
    - Thank you @camo @Kairon @Paulie @Colin4ward
    - Looking for contributors to join this team!
- Still researching what platform we will use moving forward

## Governance Guild
- Had first two guild meetings - 30-minute weekly meetings for now
- Focused on
    - Operations of governing the guild
    - Then moving to decentralized governance issues
- 1) What needs to be a proposal? How do we move things to a proposal?
    - [RFC by with-heart on Discourse](https://forum.developerdao.com/t/rfc-implement-champion-led-rfc-driven-decision-making-process/478)
- 2) Providing resources for people looking into decentralized governance
- [Kickoff Meeting Notes](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/community/blob/main/meetings/2021/governance-guild/2021-11-19-governance-guild-kickoff.md)

## Development Guild
- with-heart wrote a RFC (request for comment) [proposal on Discourse](https://forum.developerdao.com/t/rfc-implement-champion-led-rfc-driven-decision-making-process/478/13)
    - Can help people move forward with their ideas
- [All RFCs here](https://forum.developerdao.com/c/dev-guild/dev-rfcs/9)
    - Anyone should feel welcome to ask questions
- Making a Web3 UI repo 
- Streamlining Bots
- Job Board is a joint effort between Development & Design guild
- [npx-create-dao](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/create-dao)
- 2 Projects that need a RFC & champion
    - Guild Hackathon
    - Pairing Hub
        - Contact, skills, looking-to-learn spreadsheet
- [Development Wiki on Notion](https://developerdao.notion.site/Development-cb4396f623fa453981c1c4a446256250)
- How to get involved?
    - Write your own RFC?
    - Comment on existing RFCs
    - Write code, work-in-public, pair with others
    - Think about DevOps and DX

## Design Guild
- Pixel Avatar derivatives project is in motion
- Merch being designed and talking with MetaFactory to move forward with design process
- Jazza.eth is starting the design for the job board
    - If you'd like to help, reach out!

## Community Guild
- Building out wiki so it can act as a one-stop-shop to learn about Developer DAO
- [Defining our Rules - Season 0 - v0.1](https://forum.developerdao.com/t/defining-our-rules-season-0-v0-1/438/9)
    - Looking for more feedback to move this forward
- Stefanie is working on improving diversity and making the onboarding process more inclusive

## Marketing & BizDev Guild
- IRL meetup on Sunday in Florida organized by [MichelleBakels](https://twitter.com/MichelleBakels/status/1463130133821280258)
    - Got our IRL event sponsored by Solana
    - Did some last-minute merch printing
- Looking for ways to fund the treasury to keep around core contributors and to grow our cause
- Working to promote a culture of autonomy
- First marketing meeting is later today @ 3PM EST / 8PM UTC
- Working on setting up a system to realize opportunities that already exist within the DAO
    - Were looking into governance tooling, turned out the CTO was 

## Open Discussion
- How will Gitcoin be distributed?
- How are advisors being chosen?
    - What happens with token allocation? 
        - Part of Tokenomics, no allocation is given without a Snapshot vote
    - Discussion has been happening in Marketing & BizDev guild
- PizzaDAO is looking for development help [PizzaDAO](https://discord.gg/pizzadao)
- Stefanie - how do we avoid duplicating our efforts?
    - What is the best process for managing all of our DAO projects?
    - Discord -> Project Card -> Proposal on Discourse
- How will tokenomics be distributed? Details will be put up for a proposal

# Good Reads
- [Whatever good things we build end up building us](https://forum.developerdao.com/t/whatever-good-things-we-build-end-up-building-us/508)

- [A DAO for developers (abridged, public version of above)](https://devdao.mirror.xyz/Jl7_CZvMxkzFv-lJ29NXfEq9LXuZWkUjxOKoCF9CG_w)

- [You cannot wait for someone to tell you what to work on in a DAO
](https://twitter.com/chaserchapman/status/1460257486888448003)

## Audio Recording
[Insert YouTube Link Here](https://youtube.com)