[Last weeks meeting notes](./2021-09-18.md)

- [⏱ Agenda](#-agenda)
  - [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Action Item Review](#action-item-review)
  - [Organising future town halls](#organising-future-town-halls)
  - [Project Updates](#project-updates)
  - [Shout outs](#shout-outs)
  - [How do we move forward as a community](#how-do-we-move-forward-as-a-community)
- [📝 Notes](#-notes)
  - [Action items review](#action-items-review)
  - [Project Updates](#project-updates-1)
    - [Website](#website)
    - [`pixel-avatars`](#pixel-avatars)
    - [Discourse](#discourse)
  - [Discussion](#discussion)
  - [📋 Attendee's](#-attendees)
  - [✅ Action Items](#-action-items)
  - [📹 Video/Audio recording](#-videoaudio-recording)

# ⏱ Agenda

## Introduction

- Welcome
- Call to update on what's happning across the DAO, discuss broader topics and
  shout out contributions
- Assign Reaction roles
- Summarise last weeks call

## Action Item Review

- ✅ `kempsterrrr.eth` to @everyone in message to vote on best day/time for
  weekly meeting via emoji's picking
- ✅ `nagma.eth` to look into a way to display community events in open and
  easily discoverable way
- ✅ ~~`with-heart`~~ `gjsyme | #496` to orgasnise weekly time for website
  project meeting
- ✅ `goldzulu` to organise weekly time for derivatives project meeting
- `nagma.eth` & `kempsterrrr.eth` to see if we can improve onboarding flow
  further using bots
- ~~`dhaiwat` & `kempsterrrr.eth`~~ `@codingwithmanny` to deploy demo community
  discourse server
- `kempsterrrr` to organise initial meeting to discuss approach to
  governance/contributions/rewards this week. `willblackburn.eth` already
  suggested good agenda for this so need to follow up.
- ✅ `with-heart` to create `resources` GitHub repo (Need volunteers to begin
  working out how to organise this)
- `NoahH` to look into events they may be abel to organise in partnership with
  his work:
- `Sandipan` to look into events they may be abel to organise in partnership
  with his work:
- ✅ `nagma.eth` to look into bots that can help with organising an notifying
  everyone about events
- Check with Nader regarding access to twitter account

## Organising future town halls

- How do we make sure they're as inclusive as possible
- What's the best place to do these:
  - private discord chat (current)
  - pubic discord chat
  - youtube
  - twitter spaces
- Do we want to audio for every meeting? Share publically?

## Project Updates

What's happeing, what's next, how can people get involved and any specific
support needed...

- Website
- Derivatives
- Discourse
- DAOstack, rewarding contributions + governance
- Job Board
- Organising learning resources (need volunteers)

## Shout outs

Over 3000 Dev's! So many good things happening in the community already.

Who do we want to give a shout out?

## How do we move forward as a community

- Priorities
- Misson/values/goals
- Events

# 📝 Notes

## Action items review

- `nagma` created a
  [public DAO calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/embed?src=developerdao1@gmail.com)
  with all DAO/Projects meetings
- `codingwithmanny` deploying Discourse tests to DO & AWS
- Onboarding improvement on-going, initial change from `marc` getting
  confirmation of server rules and sharing basic instructions
- Had informal chat about Governance, overall consensus was most important is
  tracking/rewarding contributions and that we should move slow with DAOstack
- Repo created for organising learning resources
  [here](https://github.com/Developer-DAO/resources) - **NEED VOLUNTEERS**
- `Noah` couldn't make meeting. `Sanidipan` has some options for events however
  thought organisations needs to improve before we start bringing outsiders in.
- `nagma` has rolled-out event bot for event calendar and start reminders
  - `#events` channel on Discord

## Project Updates

### Website

- All moving along nicely, lots of people contributing and working well.
- Will continue with weekly meeting on Thursday at 7pm UTC as productive
- Bit early to rethink branding whilst we're still figuring out fundemtal points
  re the DAO: mission/values etc.. Double back on this then
- Site as DAO documentation
  - Community projects
  - How to get more involved
  - What the DAO is, etc.
- Need for a project
  - Something to work towards as a collective
  - Unifying purpose
    - achieves something
    - helps contributors find the roles they're most passionate about
    - learn to work together

### `pixel-avatars`

- update from `goldzulu`
  - Smart contract POC running on rinkeby, only accepting mits from genesis NFT
    owners
  - using IPFS to link to smart contract
  - shoutout to `rasmuscnielsen` for creating the app that allows switching
    between various traits
  - waiting on assets to finalize to make more progress
  - need better organization of work and direction
  - Need to start thinking about marketing soon if we want the launch to be
    successul, hope was mid-october. Opportunities for getting the message out
    fast with community but need to oragnise to make that happen.
- `eknobl` almost finished with designs, two more trait to tackle

### Discourse

- Rejected from their free tier for open souce
- `codingwithmanny` looking into AWS + Digital Ocean deploy options this weekend

## Discussion

- How do we want to run these town hall meetings moving forward?
  - What schedule?
    - `gjsyme` proposed going with fortnight schedule
    - will do a public vote to decide
  - Should they be public?
    - `with-heart`: maybe use Discord Stages?
    - `willblackburn.eth`: probably not worth making public yet since the
      project is still so early
  - What do other DAOs do with their town halls?
    - Information about the DAO, how to get more involved, ongoing projects,
      etc.
- Community talks (`0xJof`)
  - 15-30 minute presentations to the community
  - `with-heart`: producing content for ourselves makes the community stronger
    and demonstrates value of membership
  - Talks from community members, outside advocates, etc.
  - `Sandipan`: would be better to wait for more organizational maturity but
    great idea long-term
  - Events for adding value in the community and creating an external brand
    which encourages pepole to want to join the DAO/helps get the name out
    there. Discussed both bring in external contributors and people from the
    community giving a regular presentations.
- `nader` update

  - Planning to be more involved in the community and helping set things up
  - His plan when he created Developer DAO
    - Loves to teach, created a coding school previously
    - Wants to help push forward people in their careers
    - Share equity, grown the community, etc.
    - This translates really well to DAO structures
  - Create a setup whereby if real value is created, those who contribute to
    creating that value should ideally be able to realise that value in the form
    of liquid ownership via a token.
  - Met with Jess https://twitter.com/thattallguy, member of SeedClub
    https://twitter.com/seedclubhq
    - DAO for helping/investing in other DAOs
    - SeedClub has seed rounds/cohorts where they use experience to help DAOs
      create get setup effectively
      - Setting up governance
      - How to create tokens and reward users
      - How to generate and distribute liquidity
      - SeedClub is essentially a group of experts that can help us figure out
        where we're going and how to
    - `codingwithmanny`: What does SeedClub get out of it?
      - Small share of DAO token issue. Like a VC in start-ups, they're taking
        bets on DAO and building eqauity in several projects (not voting rights)
      - `$FWB` treasury allots tokens that provide value but don't provide
        responsibility, voting rights, etc.
    - Is possible longer term to bring in other outside VCs to help provide
      liquidity
    - Financial rewards for DAO contributors
      - Launching an `ERC-20` token to reward those that have been doing work
    - Willing to put his own money as an investment to support community

- Establishing the Developer DAO brand
  - Marketing ourselves to other devs
  - Developer DAO event/conference
    - Content centered around Developer DAO
    - Get people to give presentations they'd normally give at a conference
    - 30 minute roundtable where we discuss the DAO
  - Providing content, etc. that demonstrates our value publicly
  - Twitter Spaces
    - Discussion about Developer DAO or discussions centered around specific
      topic hosted by Developer DAO members
  - mirror.xyz for writing/sharing content (`eknobl`)
    - `nader` will help us get that set up
    - need to know more generally about it
- How can we recognize early contributions and reward people? (`kempsterrrr`)
  - Reward now even if it's not valuable until later
  - `nader`: consistency is important
    - community members leaning in to keep interactions/discussions going
    - our community is already a lot bigger and more active than other projects
      that have been funded
    - Most of his career has been sharing knowledge/teaching, DAO model really
      suitable for taking this a step further as a community to create value
      that has a real impact on peoples lives and careers.
- Developer DAO provides acceleration and growth for individuals (`goldzulu`)
  - Membership provides networking, resources, etc. to help become the best
    developer possible
  - The best asset of Developer DAO is learning
- What was `nader` thinking in relation to `ERC-20` token (`$dbucks`)?
  (`goldzulu`)
  - Meme name because Fortnite uses dbucks
  - To distribute, contract would take snapshot of `ERC-721` owners
    - If owner possesses a token, can call smart contract for distribution of
      `ERC-20` tokens
  - $DBUCKS as DAO token for ownership +/or voting rotes, distributed based on
    contributions and/or roles. Need either someone in the communtiy with this
    knowledge or ask for advice from outsiders.
- DAO should have a constant stream of content (`marc`)
  - Need to broadcast success, progress, etc.
  - Desire to gain access to social channels so we can start using them to
    promote work happening in the DAO more
- How do we get things moving

  - Clarity on our values/mission/goals for the community.
  - Consistency/cadence in what we're doing that provides structure to allow us
    to progress.
  - Need a core team of contributors who are happy invest time in getting things
    moving
  - Potentially seek partnership with SeedClub, take their support for
    establishing and growing the DAO in exchange for % of token allocation. It
    would be great if we can do this ourselves however it might be better to
    embrace support from people who are experts at doing this. Could help us
    accelerate things forward. Nader to continue this conversation/found out
    more about how their program works.

- ## Practicalities of moving forward

## 📋 Attendee's

_Did not track this time_

## ✅ Action Items

- `kempster` find solution for audio recording, ideally automated via a Bot
- `kempster` estbalish server channel for defining dao mission statement/dao
  manifesto. `Nader` happy to be a driver for this.
- `Nader` to continue conversation with SeedClub to understand: a) how they can
  help, b) any other advice they have at this stage.
- `codingwithmanny` to test deploying discouse to DO and AWS, make decision as
  to best option
- `kempster` to share example proposal frameworks to use in discourse
- `Nader` share access to social channels

## 📹 Video/Audio recording

_Unfortunately we had an issue with the recording for this meeting so nothing to
share._
