# ⏱ Agenda

- [⏱ Agenda](#-agenda)
  - [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Action Items to review](#action-items-to-review)
  - [Project Updates](#project-updates)
  - [Season 0 Update](#season-0-update)
  - [Mission, values and goals proposal](#mission-values-and-goals-proposal)
  - [D_D Merch](#d_d-merch)
  - [Notes](#notes)
  - [Attendees](#attendees)
  - [✅ Action Items](#-action-items)

## Introduction

- Welcome
- DAO Stats for the week
  - Genesis NFT
  - Server
- $WRITE race

## Action Items to review

- everyone interested please respond to
  - [Season 0 Proposal](https://forum.developerdao.com/t/how-we-move-forward-as-a-dao-season-0/56/12)
    - Feedback on:
      - Concept of Season 0
      - Suggested tasks/milestone to complete
  - [Defining our Mission, Values, & Goals](https://forum.developerdao.com/t/defining-our-mission-values-goals/89)
    - Feedback on:
      - mission statment
      - values
      - goals
      - bigger picture statement
  - `kempsterrrr` + others(?) to refine both docs based on feedback
- ✅ `willblackburn` to organise conversation regarding POAP designs for Season
  0
- ✅ `kempsterrrr` to move `#📆-events` into `DEVELOPERS` and lock to mods

## Project Updates

- Website
- Derivatives
- Knowledge Base

## Season 0 Update

## Mission, values and goals proposal

## D_D Merch

## Notes

- POAPs available for this town hall, but limited quantities due to POAP service issues.
- $WRITE Race
  - We won! Finished 6th; top 10 receive a $WRITE token which can be burned to receive privileged access to Mirror.
  - Mirror dev `indreams.eth` provided insight into the platform and potential future that Developer DAO could help shape via governance as a $WRITE token earner.
- Moving forward as a DAO
  - Mission, values, and goals proposal were created last week and tweaked based on feedback. [Latest version](https://forum.developerdao.com/t/p-2-defining-our-mission-values-and-goals/137) is up for final review before a Snapshot vote.
  - Mission, values, goals unlock other doors: everything from website content to external collaborations.
  - [Season 0 proposal](https://forum.developerdao.com/t/how-we-move-forward-as-a-dao-season-0/56/27) has received some great feedback as well; giving that more time to integrate into a final proposal. Please weigh in!
  - Announcements will be made when voting is open on these topics.
- Project updates
  - Website:
    - Translators still needed.
    - Have been waiting on mission/goals/values to move forward on content.
  - Derivatives:
    - Nice "usage" and excitement around the avatars by DAO members!
    - More contributors stepping up.
    - Launch/mint details still TBD.
    - Already considering follow-up derivative projects, like games.
    - Sunday meetings may get rescheduled; stay tuned in the #derivatives channel.
  - Knowledge base:
    - Uptick in contributions.
    - Big item is selecting the right tool for hosting all our resource data. A [request for proposals](https://forum.developerdao.com/t/knowledge-base-tooling-request-for-proposals/132) is up in the forum.
    - Weekly sync likely to be scheduled for Wednesdays at 15:00 UTC.
  - Other mentioned opportunities:
    - [job board concept](https://forum.developerdao.com/t/job-board-concept/35)
    - [on-chain resume concept](https://forum.developerdao.com/t/on-chain-work-resume-concept/39/10)
- Merch was mentioned in chat this week and brought up here. Potentially something for designers in the DAO to drum up some ideas. A `#merch` channel was created.
- Nader mentioned collab discussion with Radicle, possible token exchange. More discussion required.
- Events/conferences:
  - Aiming to have a virtual conf in Season 0 or 1.
  - Already some interest from the community to hvae sponsor materials to share with their orgs.
  - Mention of "hackathon" elicits excitement, but no steps taken there yet.

## Attendees

## ✅ Action Items

- Community to give final word on [mission, values, goals](https://forum.developerdao.com/t/p-2-defining-our-mission-values-and-goals/137).
- Community to continue to weigh in on [Season 0 items](https://forum.developerdao.com/t/how-we-move-forward-as-a-dao-season-0/56/27).
- `willblackburn.eth` to get Snapshot set up for voting.
- Each DAO project has plenty to do! Reach out in their respective channels on Discord.
- Want to scribe for these town halls? Reach out to one of the mods!
